README: comment just-cargo and make it more clear (#2292)
linkerd/linkerd2-proxy: README.md

## Building the project

We use [`just-cargo`](https://github.com/linkerd/dev/tree/main/bin/just-cargo) which provide
a thin wrapper around `just` and `cargo`.

> We recommend that use Devcontainer to develop, or you need to setup develop environment by hand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend that you use the included [`Dev Container`](https://containers.dev/) to avoid setting up the complex development environment by hand.
```

Author: Done.
